[Merged by Bors] - Docs new landing page (#573)
stackabletech/kafka-operator: docs/modules/kafka/pages/usage-guide/storage-resources.adoc

= Storage and resource configuration

== Storage for data volumes

You can mount volumes where data is stored by specifying https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes[PersistentVolumeClaims] for each individual role group:

[source,yaml]
----
brokers:
  roleGroups:
    default:
      config:
        resources:
          storage:
            data:
              capacity: 2Gi
----

In the above example, all Kafka brokers in the default group will store data (the location of the property `log.dirs`) on a `2Gi` volume.

> By default, in case nothing is configured in the custom resource for a certain role group, each Pod will have a `1Gi` large local volume mount for the data location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If nothing is configured in the custom resource for a certain role group, then by default each Pod will have a `1Gi` large local volume mount for the data location.
```
